\input texinfo
@comment %**start of header
@settitle SmartCalc v2.0 User's Manual
@comment %**end of header

@ifinfo
@copying
Copyright © 2022 zgeorgan
@end copying
@end ifinfo


SmartCacl v2.0 manual 

The application is a graphing calculator with graphing support.

The calculator supports the following arithmetic operations:

1. Addition: a + b

2. Subtraction: a - b

3. Multiplication: a * b

4. Division: a / b

5. Exponentiation: a ^ b

6. The remainder of division: a mod b

7. Unary plus +a

8. Unary minus -a

And functions:

1. cos(x)

2. sin(x)

3. tan(x)

4. acos(x)

5. asin(x)

6. atan(x)

7. sqrt(x)

8. ln(x)

9. log(x)

The input to the program can be integers as well as real numbers, written both in point and exponential form of notation

Entering a real number in exponential form supports the following forms: 1e+10, 1e10, 1e-10

Calculator instructions:

1. Graphical buttons and keyboard input can be used to enter an expression.

2. Up to 255 characters can be entered.

3. The "<-" button removes one character.

4. Enter "AC" button to clear the screen 

5. The "graph" button switches to the graph window.

6. To build a graph it is necessary that the output contains x

7. The start x and end x fields define the area of the value.

8. To build a graph you must click the "Build graph" button.

9. To go back to the calculator, click the "Come back to calc" button.

10. To clear the graph area, press the "Clear graph" button.

11. If the function contains x, the user will be given the opportunity to substitute the desired value. The default is x=0.

12. The application will report an error if entered incorrectly.

Credit calculator:

1. Press the "credit" button to go to the credit calculator.

2. Enter the loan amount.

3. Enter the loan term in months.

4. Enter the interest rate in percent.

5. Select the type of payments.

6. Press the "Calculate" button to calculate.

7. Press the "Clear credit" button to clear the data.

8. You can enter new values for the new calculation.

9. To return to the normal calculator, press the "Come back to calc" button.

Deposit calculator:

1. To go to the deposit calculator, press the "deposit" button.

2. Enter the deposit amount.

3. Enter the deposit term in months.

4. Enter the interest rate.

5. Enter the tax rate in percent.

6. Enter the CenterBank key rate (can be viewed at: https://calcus.ru/klyuchevaya-stavka).

7. Enter the start date for the deposit.

8. Select the periodicity of payments: Every day, Every week, Every month, Every six months, Every year, At the end of the term.

9. To add date and amount of deposit or withdrawal press the button "+" on the left side of the corresponding field, enter date in format: dd.mm.yyyyy (for example 10.09.2023) in the left column and amount in the right column of the row.

10. To delete the last line for the corresponding field, click on the "-" button on the left side of the field. Using this method you can delete all rows in the corresponding field.

11. Click the "Calculate" button to get the result.

12. Press the "Clear" button to clear the data.

13. Press the "Come back to calc" button to return to the normal calculator.

To exit the program, press the red button in the upper left corner.

Thank you.

@bye
